kb(Selects): Add KB for virtual scrolling skeletons (#3261)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/dropdowns-show-loading-indicator-skeletons-during-virtual-scrolling.md

---
title: Display Loading Indicators during Virtual Scrolling

> description: Learn how to display loading skeleton indicators during virtual scrolling in a Telerik Blazor AutoComplete, ComboBox, DropDownList, MultiColumnComboBox, and MultiSelect componenta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to display loading skeleton indicators during virtual scrolling in Telerik Blazor AutoComplete, ComboBox, DropDownList, MultiColumnComboBox, and MultiSelect components.
```

type: how-to
page_title: How to Display Loading Indicators during Virtual Scrolling
slug: dropdowns-kb-show-loading-indicator-skeletons-during-virtual-scrolling
tags: telerik, blazor, virtualization, autocomplete, combobox, dropdownlist, multicolumncombobox, multiselect
ticketid: 1587267, 1699463
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Product</td>
            <td>
                AutoComplete for Blazor, <br />
                ComboBox for Blazor, <br />
                DropDownList for Blazor, <br />
                MultiColumnComboBox for Blazor, <br />
                MultiSelect for Blazor
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

This KB article answers the following questions:

> * How to show loading indicators in the Telerik select components during virtual scrolling?

Reviewer: Just checking if "select components" is a valid term. We're usually calling these dropdown components, or you might call them "selection components" (but this is not widely used and might not be instantly recognizable).
